
POCKETS CERTIFICATES USING DOUBLE ENCRYPTION
Almost all indian government issued documents are in physical form across the country. This means every time a 
resident needs to share the document with an agency to avail any service, an attested photocopy either in physical 
form or on scanned form is shared.
Use of document hard copies creates huge overhead in terms of manual verification, paper storage, manual audits, etc.
incurring high cost and inconvenience. This creates problem for various agencies to verify the authenticity of these 
documents, thus, creating loopholes for usage of fake documents/certificates. These documents can be misused by anyone
as strong identity is not attached with the document. This system is digital locker which provides digital empowerment
for residents. It minimize the use of physical documents. System helps authenticity of the e-documents and eliminates 
usage of fake documents. This system provides more security to documents. It reduces administrative overhead of Govt. 
departments and agencies and make it easy for the residents to receive services. Documents can be accessed by multiple
users at anytime and anywhere. 

FEATURES
The system comprises of 2 major modules with its sub-modules as follows:

-Admin
Login: Admin need to login with their valid login credentials.
Add Citizen: Admin can add new citizen with basic details, Aadhaar ID and DOB.
Manage Citizen: All the added citizen details are manageable by the admin itself.
Add Documents: System allows admin to search citizen by Aadhaar and Enter document Type, Document. Apply Triple DES 
and AES Encryption & and Send Email to Citizen.
Manage Documents: Search Citizen with List of Uploaded Documents and Option to Upload.
Feedback: Admin can view feedback messages received from the registered users.

-User
Login: The user has to login with credentials, Aadhaar ID and OTP.
Documents: User can see all Encrypted file list of his/her document. A reverse operation of the file takes place on download and converted into actual format. Once user logs into system then he/she can Select Document Decrypt. User can view any of the document and also can download whenever required.
Feedback: User can send a feedback message which will be notified to admin.

Advantages
Triple DES and AES Encryption is used on document to keep it secure.
Easy access of files and cannot be lost.
Only legitimate users can access their documents and download the file.
System auto decrypts the files once user click on download.
Disadvantages:
System may provide incorrect results if data not entered correctly. 
Applications:
This system can be used for storing Important Documents in encrypted format.


